Qin Feng Miao, I heard you right.
Your brain is teasing me.
I am the sole heir of the family.
Who can remove me from the position of president?
Tiger, even if you explain the devil
You have no right to interfere in our family s affairs, do you?
Why not?
Now I'm the largest shareholder of Su Group.
More than 60% share
I'm in charge of the entire board.
What's the point of removing you from the position of president?
Yes, you're better.
How can you be the biggest dance of our Suzhou Group?
You can buy shares of Qin Thi Group.
Can't I buy shares of Su Corporation?
My market value is three times that of yours.
Even Tiger, you have no money.
I don't.
But Qin Shao has.
It's even more impossible.
This poor boy.
He sold all his shares.
He's not enough.
You must be lying to me.
That's right.
The city's assets are actually more than our Qin Shi Group.
Even if we sell out, we certainly can't make that much money.
Who gave me luck?
Previously bought some virtual currency
I've made 20 billion.
Isn't this money enough?
200200.
Fortunately this is too expensive 20 billion.
20 billion is not enough.
I forgot to tell you.
It's beautiful.
20 billion.
20 billion 20 billion
Well, I see it.
This is the share register of Su Corporation.
Also have shareholders report you.
Used to embezzle company funds
Causing great losses to the company.
Now you're under arrest.
I'm a cop.
Come with us.
Winter Thunder
Master Qin, I'm wrong.
Please let me go.
Master Qin, I beg you to forgive me this time.
Okay, if you cancel your brother now.
I'll give you one more chance.
Okay.
Sister, you don't need it.
Li Minh Hao has since been deposed
I finally got justice for myself in my previous life.